# CDS WG1 (Registration) Meeting 2025-12-18

Recording: https://zoom.us/rec/share/j0WEYiPFtGMGSo6G4TTUuzcVxtsMiuuXNF10pD79t1jfkhir8EVqBxfWUXBbShBi.ihnK9MpUCWBTCDH3

## Agenda
* Welcome
* Planning for 2026

## Attendees
* Daniel Roesler (Maintainer)
* Don Coffin (GBA)
* Eloi Ferrer (Flexidao)
* Jordan Hughes (Apple)
* Soazig Kaam (Google)

## Minutes
* Welcome
* Recap of 2025
    * CDSC --> CDS (name change)
    * Merged 2 specs!
    * TAC annual presentation
* Planning for 2026
    * "Make ample complementary documentation and materials"
        * Overview pages on the website
        * Examples in the specs and overviews
        * TODO: Collatoral for intro users that are unfamiliar
            * Slide decks
            * Diagrams
            * Videos/tours
            * Recorded presentations
        * TODO: Swagger/OpenAPI spec
    * TODO: Start exploring open source test suites
        * {repo}/tests/*
        * Currently do not anticipate hosting a test runner
            * adds cost/maintenance overhead to working group
            * running test suites should be done by:
                * servers (for internal testing)
                * test/QA/cert orgs (for verification testing)
        * Make test suites importable as a library for other test suites
    * "Create materials and guidance for regulators"
        * TODO: pre-written language and training materials for regulators
    * TODO: Standardization tasks
        * Merged in "mature" draft specs (are we there?)
        * Pilot implementations (TODO: 2026)
        * LFESS approval (moves from DRAFT -> V1)
        * ISO submission (moves from V1 -> ISOXXXXX)
        * ISO approval (2027+)
    * TODO: Outreach/collaboration with other specs/standards/protocols
        * Other LFE projects (CDS Customer Data, UPRX, TROLIE, etc.)
        * Other protocols (OpenADR, etc.)
        * Other initiatives (EDDIE, etc.)

## Closing Discussion
* Consensus to commit this to repo? Yes

